-: Welcome back in previous lecture.
We have completed till here where we are getting the failure
from AWS STS assumed role with access denied, right?
So now what we need to do is we'll go back
over guitar report
and then we'll fix it that respective to steps.
So update code build role to have
access to STS Assume Role we have created
using STS Assume Role Policy, right?
So we need to create a STS Assume Role Policy.
Now, so let's go to our IAM.
Right, so let me, yeah, so let's go to
policies in IAM and create a policy,
and choose a service, right?
So when you choose the service search for STS, right?
STS, and in actions select inside-right,
assume role, and in resources right?
So in a specific resource section select add RN
and provide your AR and
off your cube EKS, cube CTL related code build role.
So which is nothing but whatever you have provided
in your and your AR mental variable here, right?
So this role you need to provide, okay?
So if you want you can even search this
code built Q CTL role in your
IAM and then get that information
and then paste it here okay?
So you can go here and then go to IAM, right,
and in IAM search for this respective role, right?
With this role name, right?
So go to roles and search for this role,
open this role, and then copy the AR;
and from here, and then paste it here, that's all.
Okay.
And then click on add, and then we are done here, okay?
So if you want we can click on review policy,
and then provide the name of that, okay?
So this is the STS assumed role.
So the role name I'm going to give is EKS code
builds STS assume role related policy, okay?
So where is that?
So it should be somewhere here, okay?
And I'll provide code build to interact
with EKS cluster to perform changes, right?
So I'll come here and provide this
and then create the policy.
Once this policy is created
I'm going to go to the roles, right?
And then associate this role.
It means like I have a code
build EK develops CB related role, right?
So it means like my code build role.
So I can go here, and go to build details
and go to my code build service role, Okay?
So this is the role.
So I'll go to that service role and I'll go to
attach policies, and I will try and then search
for our EKS code build EKS code build, right?
STS assume role related policy, okay?
So I'll say attach policy, that's all.
So now my code build EKS DevOps related
whatever is associated with my code
will project also gets the STS assume role
related policy associated with it, okay?
So now what happens is if a run that changes
then it is going to succeed.
So let me close this, let me close this
let me close this all, I'm closing.
So now we'll go to pipelines, right?
And now one more time we will select that pipeline
and then do the release change, okay?
So we still didn't make changes,
and push anything.
We can do a release change like this, okay?
So in my, in our case, what I've done is
in my documentation we can do this way
or we can even do something called make a change
and then push it, okay?
So whatever the things works for us, okay?
So make a change and push it from your local or do this way.
So I just done a release change here, anything is fine.
So now let's go here and then verify this stuff, okay?
And this is going on.
So once this is ready we will see what happens.
So good.
So now it verified the AWS version.
So lots of things are getting succeeded.
Now the build thing is going on.
So once the build is completed
so it is going to move onto the next steps, okay?
So push also completed.
Now you can see it here, running commands, AWS,
STS Assume Role this one got succeeded and
it went to access key id next step
and then secret access key.
All these next steps are getting executed.
And then now if you see here
we said that AWS EKS update cube config name EKS cluster.
So it already updated our cube config information
and then it moved to the next step of cube CTL
apply hyphen F cube manifests, okay?
So it applied the change, so that deployment
got created, note port service
got created, and then DevOps service got created.
So all these things got created, why?
Because it is the first time, right?
So those are not there, and then it got created,
and then changes completed, and then
it also created the artifacts here, okay?
So which we can reference for future stages
if we implement anything, okay?
So now these changes completed, so let's
come back here and say cube CTL get ports, right?
So on our cluster we should have EK DevOps
related to ports up and running.
So I'll also say cube CTL get ingress, right?
So ingress should be created.
So now what I will do is we can go to in our
We'll open and then go to EC2, right?
And go there, and then go to load balances
and verify our load balancer application load
balancer is getting created.
So it's getting created, right?
So we'll also verify our Route 53 domain.
So that should be also registered, right?
So our Route 53 domain should be mostly
DevOps.cube1cloud.com.
So let's also verify that, right?
So let's go here and go to cube1cloud.com
and you should see DevOps related thing here, okay?
DevOps.cube1cloud.com, so that's good.
So once this respective load balancer is provisioned, right?
So we'll be able to verify that stuff
so we can even see the target
group and the targets.
So it's still in progress and then they are healthy.
So we'll see load balancer is active now.
So let's take that DNS and do the NS lookup, okay?
So this is always good to do this verification
and it provided some IPS 222 at the end
and then 13, so I'll do the same
for NS lookup, and then DevOps.cube1cloud.com.
So it also provided 13 and then 222,
so which means we are good.
So now we'll go to our browser, right?
STT://devOps.cube1cloud.com/app1/indexations
right?
So now I got the app version V1, so that's good.
So in our next lecture we'll focus
on changing the version to V2, checking the code
and then how it changes we are going to see, okay?
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.